# Research-solution-to-reduce-deforestation-in-Brazil-Amazon-rainforest
In recent years, deforestation activities in Brazil have increased, which has had a negative impact on our planet and mankind. 
Through the search and analysis of relevant news and scholarly articles, I learned about the current situation,reason,  impact, and current control methods of deforestation in Brazil and put forward four proposals to reduce deforestation.
Regarding reducing deforestation, it is necessary to start with the reasons. I have proposed two solutions to wildfires and poverty. The Brazilian government grants indigenous people the right to manage illegal wildfires and provides sufficient funds. ACTO leads the governments of the Amazon countries to provide bio-economy for the poor in the Amazon region to make a living. 
Besides, when the public works on reducing the deforestation rate, the world could not ignore the negative impact of deforestation on the world. Two most challenging environmental problems which are caused by deforestation are climate change and biodiversity loss. I also propose two solutions. The International Biomedical Alliance builds biological laboratories next to the Brazilian Amazon forest to attract medical scholars to discover and use the medical value in the area. The UN environmental department works with indigenous people to contribute to the reduction of global climate change caused by deforestation.
These proposals must be implemented by different parts of the world and The United Nations should lead these proposals to be implemented adequately. 
